Add pyhep events for 2025. (#1729)
HSF/hsf.github.io: _activities/pyhep.md

{:.table .table-hover .table-condensed .table-striped}
| *Workshop*     | *Location*             | *Date*                | *Agenda link*                                                                         |
| -------------- | ---------------------- | ----------------------| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| PyHEP 2025     | Online workshop        | October 27-30, 2025   | tba                                                                                   |

> | PyHEP 2025.dev | Seattle, WA, USA       | July 14-17, 2025      | [Indico](https://indico.cern.ch/event/1515852){:target="_pyhep2025_dev_indico"}       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PyHEP 2025.dev | Seattle, WA, USA       | July 14-17, 2025      | [Indico](https://indico.cern.ch/e/PyHEP2025.dev){:target="_pyhep2025_dev_indico"}       |
```

Author: Thanks for creating the alias!

The advert and details on these workshops are given below.

## PyHEP 2025 & PyHEP.dev 2025

As in previous years, two events will be held again this year:

PyHEP 2025, on October 27-30, is a continuation of the free, online workshop series, which has been bringing
Python HEP developers and physicists together these past years.

> PyHEP.dev 2026 is intended for Python HEP software developers to plan a coherent roadmap and make priorities for the upcoming year. It will be held in-person in Seattle, WA (US) on July 14-17.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyHEP.dev 2025 is intended for Python HEP software developers and power users to plan a coherent roadmap and make priorities for the upcoming year. It will be held in-person in Seattle, WA (US) on July 14-17.
```
